Add pre commit description (#749)
flyteorg/flytesnacks: cookbook/docs/contribute.rst

        ``flytectl sandbox exec -- docker build . --tag "core:v2" -f core/Dockerfile``, 
        ``pyflyte --pkgs core package --image core:v2 -f``, and 
        ``flytectl register files --archive -p flytesnacks -d development --archive flyte-package.tgz --version v2``.
        6. Refer to `this doc <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/cookbook/en/latest/auto/larger_apps/larger_apps_iterate.html#quickly-re-deploy-your-application>`__ if the code in itself is updated and requirements.txt is the same.

Pre-commit hooks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

We use `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`__ to automate linting and code formatting on every commit.
Configured hooks include `black <https://github.com/psf/black>`__, `isort <https://github.com/PyCQA/isort>`__, `flake8 <https://github.com/PyCQA/flake8>`__ and linters to ensure newlines are added to the end of files, and there is proper spacing in files.

> We run all those hooks in CI, but if you want to run them locally on every commit, run `pre-commit install` after installing the dev environment requirements. In case you want to disable `pre-commit` hooks locally, for example, while you're iterating on some feature, run `pre-commit uninstall`. More info `here <https://pre-commit.com/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We run all those hooks in CI, but if you want to run them locally on every commit, run `pre-commit install` after installing the dev environment requirements. In case you want to disable `pre-commit` hooks locally, run `pre-commit uninstall`. More info `here <https://pre-commit.com/>`__.
```

Formatting
^^^^^^^^^^

> We use `black <https://github.com/psf/black>`__ and `isort <https://github.com/PyCQA/isort>`__ to autoformat code. They are configured as git hooks in `pre-commit`. Run `make fmt` to format your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `black <https://github.com/psf/black>`__ and `isort <https://github.com/PyCQA/isort>`__ to autoformat code. They are configured as git hooks in `pre-commit`. Run ``make fmt`` to format your code.
```

Spell-checking
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> We use `codespell <https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell>`__ to catch common misspellings. Run `make spellcheck` to spell-check the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `codespell <https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell>`__ to catch common misspellings. Run ``make spellcheck`` to spell-check the changes.
```

        ``flytectl sandbox exec -- docker build . --tag "core:v2" -f core/Dockerfile``, 
        ``pyflyte --pkgs core package --image core:v2 -f``, and 
        ``flytectl register files --archive -p flytesnacks -d development --archive flyte-package.tgz --version v2``.
        6. Refer to `this doc <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/cookbook/en/latest/auto/larger_apps/larger_apps_iterate.html#quickly-re-deploy-your-application>`__ if the code in itself is updated and requirements.txt is the same.

Pre-commit hooks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

We use `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`__ to automate linting and code formatting on every commit.

> Configured hooks include `black <https://github.com/psf/black>`__, `isort <https://github.com/PyCQA/isort>`__, `flake8 <https://github.com/PyCQA/flake8>`__ and linters to check the validity of YAML files and ensure that newlines are added to the end of files.

Reviewer: YAML files?

We run all those hooks in CI, but if you want to run them locally on every commit, run `pre-commit install` after installing the dev environment requirements. In case you want to disable `pre-commit` hooks locally, for example, while you're iterating on some feature, run `pre-commit uninstall`. More info `here <https://pre-commit.com/>`__.

Formatting
^^^^^^^^^^

> We use `black <https://github.com/psf/black>`__ and `isort <https://github.com/PyCQA/isort>`__ to autoformat code. They have been configured as git hooks in `pre-commit`. To execute the formatters: ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `black <https://github.com/psf/black>`__ and `isort <https://github.com/PyCQA/isort>`__ to autoformat code. They are configured as git hooks in `pre-commit`. Run `make fmt` to format your code.
```

    source ~/.virtualenvs/flytekit/bin/activate

>     make fmt

Reviewer: Can you remove this?

Spell-checking
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> We use `codespell <https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell>`__ to catch spelling mistakes in both code and documentation. To spell-check the changes: ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `codespell <https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell>`__ to catch common misspellings. Run `make spellcheck` to spell-check the changes.
```

    source ~/.virtualenvs/flytekit/bin/activate

>     make spellcheck

Reviewer: Can you remove this?
